(September 17, 1996)
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday dear So Yoon
At the age of nine,
I learned something new.
- So Yoon. - Yes?
- You have to make a wish first. - Right.
That before blowing out the candles, you should make a wish first.
Happy birthday dear Ji Ho
Happy birthday to you
Let's eat.
However, in our patriarchal house...
(September 17, 2001)
Happy birthday to you
There's no way a daughter would have a chance...
Let's eat.
to make a wish.
Happy birthday dear Ji Ho
Happy birthday to you
When I turned 20, I finally got to make my first wish.
Happy birthday!
Every year, my wish was the same.
Please help me become an excellent writer.
And 10 years later...
(Oscar...)
I really became a writer.
(Soo Hee: I want a divorce.)
- I want a divorce. - What are you talking about?
- Please... - I'm done talking. Bye.
(Oscar grabs Soo Hee by the wrist.)
(He slowly walks up to her.)
(He slowly reaches out his hand...)
(towards the back of Soo Hee's pale neck.)
(From the bookshelf, he takes out...)
(a packet of red ginseng and drinks it.)
I'm the assistant writer of a melodrama.
I've been assisting for five years.
I have enough experience to write the sublines, but...
- Hey! - My goodness.
What do you think you're doing?
I was told to clean up...
after the baby clothes.
Give it to me.
Get out! Don't you dare come in my room again!
My baby...
I won't forgive you,
Oscar.
(Red velvet lipstick, used three times by lead actress)
(Worth 30,000 dollars)
The most important part of my job is to raise funds.
Sir, what are you doing here at this hour?
Gosh!
How dare you disobey me?
Get out of my house!
Fine, I'll leave.
You'll regret this forever.
(Get the lead actor on an electric hoverboard)
Finally,
I'm free!
It's not my fault there's so much product placement.
Had you used them throughout,
I wouldn't have had to push them in one episode.
What?
I don't know! Stop calling me.
It's already so hectic.
After kissing, she should slap him.
Or should she slap him first then kiss? I don't know...
- Ma'am. - Yes?
- I uploaded the final draft. - Okay.
I used red ginseng, makeup,
and everything else.
Okay, great. I better delete this.
Ma'am, I'll get going now.
Okay, where?
- Gosh, are you going home? - Yes.
Okay. Thank you for your work.
Has it been a month?
No, three months.
Has it been that long?
Okay. You said you live in Gangdong-gu, right?
Gangseo-gu.
Gangseo-gu?
Right, you told me this.
You live with your older sister.
With my younger brother.
Who is he?
Okay, you can go.
I'll see you at our end-of-series party.
It's sunlight.
Yes, it's me.
Where else? I'm going home.
It's been three months.
Once I'm home, I'm going to take a hot shower,
then I'm going under my sheets on my bed...
and then sleep like a corpse.
What is Ji Seok doing?
If he's leeching off of you, he should at least come get you.
You're asking for too much.
I'd be thankful if he didn't burn the place down.
Anyway, go straight to bed when you get home.
Don't start cleaning or doing the laundry.
- Also, don't take Ho Rang's call. - Why not?
They had a fight again. It'll take at least two hours.
I see. Okay.
I'm home.
Seriously? His underwear...
Ji Seok, I'm home.
(Ho Rang)
Yes, it's me.
To be honest, he couldn't have dared...
to strike up a conversation with me seven years ago.
He looked like a bear, and I turned him into a human.
And now he wants to live with his grandma?
That's too much.
Did you just laugh, Ji Ho?
No.
- I didn't. - Ms. Yang.
Ji Ho, I have to go. We can talk in detail later.
Okay.
(Ho Rang, call time 41:54)
Talk in detail later?
Did I have a bra in this color?
It's not my size either.
Ji Seok!
I'm home, but he doesn't bother to even say hello.
How can you listen to music with the house looking like this?
I told you to wash the towels and your underwear right away.
Are you playing games again?
Ji Ho!
- My eyes! - No, no.
Wait, wait, wait! Ji Ho!
Ji Ho!
Hold on! Ji Ho!
- Don't follow me! - Ji Ho!
- Don't follow me! - Hold on!
- Don't come after me! - Wait a second!
- Ji Ho! Wait. Hold on. - Go away!
Ji Ho, are you okay?
Did you get hurt? Did you sprain your ankle?
Ji Seok, I'm okay.
I really want to be alone right now.
You can finish what you were doing.
Finish what?
Let's go back. You should say hello.
To whom? The woman that was naked?
No, no.
That's okay.
I have to meet someone. I almost forgot.
I have such a bad memory.
I'm going to be home really late,
so you can tell her to enjoy her time before she goes.
Okay. I'll get going.
Come on.
She's not going anywhere. She lives here.
- Why? - She's...
She's my wife.
Since when?
It's been four months.
You're going to become an aunt.
You're going to be an aunt. She's pregnant.
No one seems to realize,
but today is...
It's my 30th birthday.
(Episode 1: Because This Is My First 30th Birthday)
It must have been hard driving up, Father.
Father?
Not at all.
Aren't you tired, sweetheart?
"Sweetheart"?
I bet you already heard from Ji Seok,
but I couldn't tell you ahead because you were busy working.
Anyway, since we are all family,
use the toilet fairly and give the turn to the urgent one.
Be nice to each other, and live well together, okay?
- Live together? - Live together?
- The three of us? - Why? Can't you do that?
- No way! - I can't!
- They're a newlywed! - We're a newlywed!
Then what do you want me to do?
Hey, of course Ji Seok should move out.
You paid for the living expenses and maintenance as well.
How dare he ask you to move out when he's a jobless student?
Ji Ho, that house is registered under your name.
There won't be any problem legally as well.
The house?
It's under Ji Seok's name.
What? How come?
You paid the provisional deposit when your dad bought the house.
You don't know anything because you lived in the States.
When parents buy a house for their son and daughter in Korea,
it naturally belongs to the son.
That's like paying for their future generation...
and future ancestral rites after the parents pass away.
Ji Seok is responsible for continuing their family.
Her father wouldn't even take into consideration how much she paid.
Hey! It's such an old-fashioned way of thinking.
Ji Ho.
You should get pregnant tonight as well.
Get up, we're going to a club.
You should get pregnant to prove you can continue the family too.
Okay.
You're playing games again, aren't you?
Hold on.
Can you not mention such things in front of me for a while?
I actually...
witnessed Ji Seok doing it.
Getting his wife pregnant.
- What the... - I know.
I wish I hadn't,
but now that I have, I can't live with them.
But how?
I was in the balcony for a while to talk to you on the phone.
So he didn't know I was home.
How long did you guys talk on the phone?
For about 40 minutes.
That means Ji Seok did it for 40 minutes as well.
I didn't know he's that energetic.
- Gosh, you. - What?
What? You want me to move out right away?
Excuse me, I thought...
of you as a real brother.
I wanted to take care of you like a real brother.
Please bring me two drops of vinegar.
I really thought of you as my real brother.
I thought we were like real brothers.
Real brothers, you know what I'm talking about?
- Do you get it? - I don't. I'm an only son.
This is the first contract we wrote.
The articles are as written there.
While the party resides in the owner's house,
the party has to follow the following rules.
You didn't follow the first rule.
You didn't follow the 2nd and 3rd rules as well.
Then give me back this month's rent.
You came back home drunk last Friday night.
You forgot the password and kicked the front door for 10 minutes.
You ate five cans that belong to my cat, thinking they're tuna cans.
And you peed in the refrigerator.
Were you home that night?
I thought you were on a business trip.
And the police came to my house.
That's right.
Someone reported me to the police.
I reported you from my room.
Are you crazy, you jerk? Hey, you!
If you were home,
why didn't you come out and talk to me first?
Isn't that the right thing to do?
He's a complete lunatic.
How could you possibly report your roommate to the police?
He should be thankful that I didn't charge him for the fridge.
Tell that to your friend.
But he's a really nice guy.
You might not know, but there's such thing as being humane.
You know what "humane" means?
Doesn't that mean uncivilized for that guy?
No, it's being humane.
Being a normal human.
That reminds me of this.
Tell him that the cans he ate...
are very expensive because they're imported.
- Where are you going? - Home.
What are you talking about?
You must complete stabilizing the website today.
The update for the new version is due next week.
The recycling is due today,
and I have to feed my cat like a human.
No!
I'm sorry. Please continue your work.
Here we go.
For five years,
I was in charge of managing the house...
and taking care of everything.
Therefore,
the current situation where I have to be treated like a guest...
is clearly...
Clearly...
It clearly violates my fundamental rights.
I was the one who paid for the provisional deposit.
I was the one who bought the fridge with my first salary.
I was also the one who changed the heater last year, wasn't I?
Say this to your dad,
and fight for your rights.
Dad.
I have something to...
I have something to tell you, Father.
Oh, what is it, sweetheart?
I went to the hospital today...
- Hold on, Dad. - It's a boy.
- A boy? - Game...
over.
Oh, my goodness.
Let me see that. Excellent job!
Do you think Ji Ho is talking to her dad?
I feel like it's not going well.
I don't thinks she's doing well.
Do you want another glass of beer?
I'm full.
Then do you want to go to Itaewon? There are many clubs there.
Stop being unlike yourself and call Won Seok.
I told you we broke up!
Are you not wearing a bra again?
It suffocates me. I can't digest well if I wear it.
Hide them with your bag. It's showing.
Hey, are you two really broken up?
Yes, it's for real this time.
He didn't call me for three days. That means he wants to break up.
We're done with being clingy and obsessed with each other.
Won Seok, she's going to a club.
That little...
(Rooms available in Sangam-dong)
His nose is so high...
because he's a boy.
Isn't he pretty, Father?
Eat up.
Why did you bring me seaweed soup at night?
You should at least have that since it's your birthday.
Right, today was my birthday.
I totally forgot.
He's really pretty.
Why is that little brat laughing so much?
I told him to get a job,
not a son.
What can we do now?
He impregnated her. He can't undo it.
What's this?
You'll need some deposit if you're getting a room.
You can't live together with the newlywed.
Mom.
Keep it a secret from your dad.
He'd be really upset if he finds out that I secretly saved money.
For the 30 years she has spent with a stern husband,
she has always been on my side.
The problem is that...
I just know nothing about the world.
(Loan)
Sorry, I'm afraid to say that we can't help you get a loan.
Are you sure?
Yes. You are a freelancer now,
and your annual income is less than 20,000 dollars.
You don't have employment insurance either.
Your credit rating is considered fifth rank.
I'm sorry.
But...
this is the TV drama I wrote.
It did pretty well last year.
Even though it was a morning show.
It's really easy to guarantee who I am.
You can see my name here.
Can't you see it? There's my name, Yoon Ji Ho.
Wait, this is what I also wrote.
I'm really sorry, ma'am.
I see. I guess you haven't seen it.
(Daeun Realtor)
- Hi. - Please come in.
I'm looking for an apartment.
How much deposit can you spend?
This much.
Do you mean 30,000 dollars?
Not really.
You are really lucky.
If it wasn't me, you wouldn't be able to find a place like this.
I guess so.
Sir, I think someone...
drew a window here, right?
I know. It looks real, doesn't it?
(Danger of collapsing)
(Frequent leakage and no soundproofing)
(Less than 36 square feet, no kitchen and no bathroom)
The deadline for the new update is in a week.
Should we check the main considerations?
Mr. Nam, you were going to make the plan for the stabilization.
Did you finish it yet?
Not yet. It's in progress.
Mr. Nam, at least you have to turn in the first draft today.
It's impossible.
The workload is too heavy...
to finish before 6pm.
Are you talking about going home now?
We work overtime at night. How effective is that?
I don't think I can do that for the time being.
Except the major duties I have to take care of,
I made a list for everyone...
to divide the work, so you should...
Did you get a new job or something?
That's not what it is.
I just need to feed the cat in the evening.
I have to recycle too.
I see.
I do understand you are upset at me...
because of the housemate I introduced to you.
But you are a grown-up. You can't just take it out on me like this.
We are making a business here.
The deadline is in a week.
Sang Goo.
What was the first condition for me to work here?
Your salary.
I don't think so.
I think it was something about...
Was it the orgasm? Well, I don't think it is.
Oh, it's algorithm.
It was about your algorithm being...
The company can't break the algorithms of my life.
I don't have a housemate anymore because of you.
It broke my algorithm.
I can't work overtime at night...
until my life gets back to normal.
Okay.
I will find him a housemate...
and make him work for me forever.
You still don't know how determined I am.
How many dramas do I have to write to live in such places?
(Ho Rang)
- Hi, this is Ji Ho. - Did you find an apartment?
Not yet.
What? No deposit required?
Yes. You only need to pay 300 dollars a month.
300 dollars?
Where is it? I can go there right now.
But there's some conditions.
Ji Ho!
- Do you want to drink something? - I'm okay.
Who is it? Is it someone Won Seok knows?
Yes, it's his university friend's friend, Nam Se Hee.
It's a two-room apartment, and there's a small spare room.
It's for lease.
Basically, she wants someone who can pay rent and be her housemate.
- Is it a town house? - Yes, it is.
But she wants a lot of things.
- She wants you to move in now. - I can do that.
- She needs a week of adjustment. - I can do that even for a month.
She seems a bit crazy though. Are you going to be okay with that?
Ho Rang, I've been working for...
the most sensitive and crazy writers in Korea...
for the last five years as their assistant.
Now, I have an ability to serve any crazy people in the world.
I see. I'll tell Won Seok to give your number to her now.
I guess you guys made up.
We didn't. I'm just being generous.
It didn't go for too long this time.
Won Seok definitely knows how to make you feel better.
He got better than before.
I mean, he has some skills now.
Right, I know what you mean.
I don't think I want to hear anything from you anymore.
Last night, Won Seok was...
He just came over to me like this.
No, I don't want to know about it. Can I have some water, please?
- Happy birthday to you - Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday, dear my sister Happy birthday to you
Eun Sol bought you a cake to celebrate your birthday.
Make a wish.
What's your wish?
I want to be a snail in my next life.
- Why? - They will never get kicked out.
That's harsh.
Are you trying to distress her on purpose? She's pregnant.
She even bought you a cake. This is why I can't live with you.
Please don't leave like this.
You can come visit us any time.
I really don't mind living with you.
Are you sure?
When Ji Seok is at school,
it will be only two of us in that apartment.
I can't see you doing any house chores either. You are pregnant.
Ji Seok will always...
want me to take care of your kid too.
Do you want me to work, do all the house chores...
and babysit for you guys?
I know you are young and oblivious.
Just don't make me a bad person.
I heard you like barbeque.
You can use this money for that.
If you have any left,
you can use the money for your dad's hospital bills too.
It's the room 401 of Matinum Town House.
I attached the map too.
This is the passcode to get in.
Excuse me.
Since I'm working late at night these days, I won't be home early.
You'll see two rooms.
The one with the door open is yours.
My door will always be closed, so don't mind that.
There are three things I want to ask you to do for me.
First, I need you to do the house chores.
Second, I need you to empty the recycling bin once a week.
Lastly, I want you to take care of my kitty...
Hello.
while I work overtime at night.
You must've heard this already, but what do you think about...
signing a contract after a week?
Sure, I'm fine with that.
I can't believe they do internship even for tenants.
What a country.
I heard she went through a hard time because of her previous tenant.
I'll have to do my best. And I'm fine with it.
What does your landlady do for a living?
She's a designer or something like that.
It's about computer designing.
I didn't get to see her face yet because she was busy with work.
I guess she's extremely busy.
I have a picture of her. You want to see?
- Here. - That's her?
She looks friendly.
She was born in 1980.
Doesn't she look so young?
She did a really good job taking care of herself.
What's her name again?
Se Hee. Nam Se Hee.
- Se Hee. - Yes, Bo Mi?
As you can see, people give up on singing up due to its long process.
Especially when they get to entering their personal information.
I think we should shorten the process in our new version.
Okay.
By the way, Bo Mi.
Isn't that uncomfortable?
You seem to wear that dress every time the deadline comes near.
I should at least wear this so that I don't forget my sexual identity.
I guess you're working overtime today.
I moved in as scheduled.
(Yoon Ji Ho)
[VIU Ver] E01 Because This is My First Life
"You Only Get One Chance"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Did you have a good day?
It's too late, so I'm leaving you a memo.
I emptied the recycling bins this morning.
I finished checking the electricity usage at 11am.
I finished checking the gas usage at 3pm.
Lastly, I fed the kitty with half the tuna can...
and two cups of cat food.
I found chicken breast that passed the expiration date in the fridge.
I boiled it and gave it to the kitty as a snack.
You must be feeling good.
(By the way, what is its name?)
Good morning to you too.
I'd like to write a contract.
How about lunch today?
All right. Then I'll visit your office today.
Did you decide on your roommate?
I'm glad to hear that.
Guys, have you seen this kind of CEO and company?
I'm considerate enough to get a roommate for my employee.
Not every CEO is like this.
How do you know this person?
He's a friend of my junior from the business club.
Do you not like this person?
You think he'll call the police again? Should I find someone else?
No, I like him very much.
Very much?
Yes. I'm on my way to her office.
She's busy, you know.
That's good to hear.
She's Ho Rang's friend,
so she must be a nice person.
Well...
(I'd like to write a contract.)
(And its name is Kitty.)
I think she'll be fun to be with.
Don't go empty-handed. Buy some snacks to give them.
Don't worry. I'm going to buy some things for them anyway.
He likes his roommate very much.
I've never heard him use a "very" to people in my entire life.
He does sometimes.
Mr. Ma is very late today.
Mr. Ma's jokes are very boring.
Are you doing this to get people's attention?
Or are you doing this to upset me?
Why aren't our sandwiches coming? We ordered them a long time ago.
I understand they're busy with deliveries, but they're always late.
It might be faster for us to just go there.
- It takes five minutes by foot. - You're too nice.
Shall I go pick them up?
- Yes. - Okay.
- I'll be right back. - Hold on.
Hello.
Well... I'm...
The kitty...
Oh, this.
How can you be this late? Lunchtime is almost over.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
I left as soon as I got the message.
That's old-fashioned. Do you still give that as an excuse?
I'm sorry.
You look so young.
We've never seen each other.
Right, it's our first time in person.
- Thank you. Give me those. - Here.
I don't know how I should thank you.
This is such a nice opportunity for me.
This isn't that of an opportunity.
It's a fair transaction of this capitalistic country.
You're right.
I hope we get along...
from now on.
- Can I call you by your name? - No.
Okay, sorry.
Bye.
Well...
Can we see each other later at night?
Well, I'll think about it.
Does she want us to order sandwiches for dinner again?
She's great at promoting her place.
I guess she doesn't like to be called by her name.
- Excuse me. - Excuse me.
(Yoon Ji Ho)
- This is good. - It's delicious.
- I'm having a sandwich at my age. -What's wrong with that?
Stop eating. That's mine.
Sir, come have lunch.
It's sandwich.
- Who put this here? - Well...
I found it on this table.
There's only one left.
Did you read the contract papers?
Yes.
(Yes)
I didn't get to tell you because you seemed a bit busy.
I think I'll go home late today.
(I think I'll go home late today, Se Hee.)
(I think I'll go home late today.)
You don't need to say those things to me.
She's very nonchalant.
Do you want the usual cut?
No, please iron my hair today.
Do you think I can do this hair?
Are you going somewhere? Is it a blind date?
No, it's not a blind date.
Would you be able to trim my eyebrows too?
I see.
(I couldn't tell you because you seemed to be very busy.)
(D-Day! Go, Arsenal!)
Who is that?
It's my new housemate.
I guess he's into soccer a lot.
Most guys are.
I think that's enough.
(Nice to meet you! I'm Ji Ho.)
You like pink, don't you?
I do. That's my signature color.
Well, do guys prefer pink these days?
You just don't know because you lack a sense of beauty.
Pink is not a color that suits everyone.
It suits me because I have the right skin tone for it.
Are you saying guys shouldn't like pink?
I'm so tired.
What? Get back to work.
Times have changed.
There is no such thing as male and female preference.
Okay. We are living in a progressive world.
(Nice to meet you! I'm Ji Ho.)
Excuse me!
(The after-show party for The Love of Bing Gu)
- Please give us soju. - Can we get one more, please?
Ji Ho!
Come over here.
- Welcome. - Why are you so late?
Have a seat.
Your dress is fancy.
You think you've been working long enough to afford coming late?
Can an assistant writer be late for the after-show party?
Look what he's doing. He's doing it again.
You stopped everyone from sitting next to you saying it was for Ji Ho.
Really?
- You missed me, didn't you? - When did I do that?
It's because I feel hot easily.
That's why emptied here.
Oh, my goodness. I hate to see you guys now.
You can date or sleep with each other. I don't care.
Just do whatever you want.
You guys have been flirting for three years.
Who is playing hard to get now?
It's nothing like that.
Who do you think it is?
It's not me.
What are you doing?
Does that mean Ji Ho's not interested in him?
Why? What's wrong with Yong Suk?
What are you talking about?
He's not a man to me.
We are brothers.
I've been taking care of this innocent baby for three years.
I think she means that. She really is not interested in you.
That actually hurt my self-esteem.
I can always make you fall for me.
Really?
Then you'd better not pass out before I do today.
- Do you really want to do that? - Right, let's do this.
Let's drink.
- Cheers! - Cheers.
Thank you for your work.
- What about flash? - It's working.
Okay. What about the closing problem when logging in?
I fixed the bug.
Is there any problem for uploading profiles and videos?
It's working.
Good job.
Gyeol Mal Ae's update, ver 2.0.
(It's updating. Please wait.)
(The update is completed.)
It's completed.
We did it!
For the last three weeks, you worked day and night...
for the new update for Gyeol Mal Ae.
To thank you properly,
I won't hesitate to pay you the year-end bonus!
At first, Gyeol Mal Ae could only make 50 dollars of profit per month.
I can't thank you guys enough...
for making this company grow more than 200% every year.
I can't even...
I know it's a bit embarrassing,
but let's shout our slogan.
We are...
- Not family! - Not family!
- Let's get paid... - Properly!
- Cheers! - Cheers!
- Let's drink! - Drink away!
My beer is hot. Why is it like this?
I think you can get changed now.
I already did.
It was darker than this yesterday.
It's a bit lighter today.
I see.
Do you think who we just saw? We saw Yoon So Hee!
- Did you? - Really?
- That's amazing! - Where?
Yoon So Hee? Who is that?
What?
Is she one of our investors?
That's right.
Ms. Yoon.
- Hi. - Hello.
Thanks for your hard work.
Don't worry about it. You did all the work.
That's not true.
Anyway, I should get going.
That was smooth.
I'm sorry, Ji Ho.
You had to work more to cover things up for me.
What's with you?
You've never been grateful for it for the last three years.
I know.
We've known each other for three years already.
Hey,
I have something to tell you.
Excuse me.
I'm coming through.
I have something to tell you.
Excuse me.
I'm coming through.
- I see. - Okay.
- I'm going for a walk. - Oh, okay.
Be back soon.
Oh, no!
Sanchez...
I'm sorry.
I wanted to watch that game a lot.
Shoot!
That's amazing!
Are you okay?
I'm really sorry.
It's because... I am...
I mean, at the last game,
when Sanchez scored the winning goal...
the referee said it was offside.
But it wasn't. I've watched that game more than three times.
If that wasn't offside, Arsenal would have won that game.
I'm not saying that Wenger's strategy was great, but...
I'm sorry.
Are you a fan of...
Arsenal?
Yoon Bo Mi, where is Nam Se Hee?
Hey, the CEO is talking to you.
- Oh, my goodness. - Oh, man!
What was that?
Mr. Park, have you seen Ms. Yoon?
I haven't.
Where did she go?
If you think about it thoroughly,
Arsenal placed 4th for 7 times after its debut in the Premier League.
It's the same as Liverpool.
Did you count it...
I gathered statistics of their records by myself.
Where are you? I'm outside.
I'm at the parking lot.
Go ahead. He must be your boyfriend.
No, he's not my boyfriend.
Not yet.
We're getting to know each other.
He almost asked me out just a while ago.
But I became so nervous...
and ran away to here.
I was going to tell him my feelings first...
if Arsenal won the match today.
By the way...
Why am I telling you all this...
when you're a stranger?
He's handsome and tall.
Right? He's handsome, right?
Yes, I should say he's...
7 out of 10.
That's too cheap.
He's at least a nine.
He's tall. He has thick eye brows.
He's got broad shoulders. He has a job too.
- Hey. - I missed you.
And he has...
a girlfriend too.
- Goodness. - I missed you.
- Goal! - Goal!
Come to think of it,
I've never been a striker in my life.
Thank you.
- Good job. - Don't mention it.
- Thank you. - Ms. Yoon.
Ms. Yoon, come sit here.
- What? - Where did you go? I missed you.
Me too.
- Drink up. - Okay.
- Let's work together again. - Thank you.
Drink up.
I've always defended myself...
and stepped back at a right timing.
(I'm dating someone. I wanted to tell you this a while ago.)
I have neither courage to take the ball...
nor experience to avoid it.
I'm an amateur defender.
(Really? Awesome! Congratulations.)
Mr. Ma.
Are you aware this is power abuse?
We agreed for me to join only the first part of the team dinner.
I'll take you home then. I'll call a designated driver.
Forget it. I'll take the bus.
Taking a bus is way faster than taking your car.
I told you I'll take a bus.
Right, there's a subway too.
Take the bus.
Can't you just go home by bus?
I think that'll make me feel less embarrassed.
Well...
Are you sure it'll make you less embarrassed?
No.
This is my first time in this neighborhood.
I don't go out often, and I hate going outside at night.
I'm either at home or my workplace.
So we'll never see each other again.
I have to wait at least 10 more minutes until the bus comes.
There's no need to stay uncomfortable like this.
You don't have to feel embarrassed anymore.
I'm embarrassed...
by myself.
Not you, but myself.
I couldn't differentiate love from kindness until this age.
I had a crush on him for three years.
I kept it until I turned 30.
I'm ashamed by how foolish I am.
I'm not even 20, but 30.
I don't know what I'm doing at my age of 30.
That's why,
so don't be bothered by it.
You mentioned your age, 30, in your short comment.
It's the limit of your neocortex.
Pardon?
The neocortex is located at the outer part of your brain,
and it's in charge of the concept of time like the age of 20 or 30.
Cats don't have a neocortex unlike humans.
So they don't get bored or depressed...
even if they have the same food and do the same thing...
in their same house in their daily lives.
Cats have neither a future nor a past.
"I'm 20. I'm 30. I'm turning 40 soon."
Only one kind of species on Earth locks themselves up in time.
They're human-beings.
Only human-beings use age to make others spend money...
and draw their emotions.
That's what humans got in exchange for evolution.
Whether they're 30 or 40,
it's the same today for cats.
That felt strange.
His nonsense...
comforted me more than anything else that day.
Well...
What is your name?
Would it be better that I don't know your name?
Yes.
Okay.
You're a total stranger,
but I got comforted by you.
You must've gotten comforted because I'm a total stranger.
Thinking that I'd never see him again,
I felt a bit sad.
Thank you for your neocortex story.
I think I've already become a failure in this life,
but I'll try my best.
Good luck.
Going through this life is the first time for all of us anyway.
I've forgotten for a while.
This life...
This moment...
You only get one chance.
It was such a long day.
I moved out from a house which I lived for five years.
I got friend-zoned after three years.
I kissed a total stranger.
Way to go,
Yoon Ji Ho.
This is not how I imagined I'd be living in my 30s,
but considering it being my first time,
it's not so bad.
Like what he told me,
we are all living this life...
for the first time.
(Because This Is My First Life)
Why don't you just live with her if she scored so high?
Is this score possible?
Does that man live here?
How did you come in here?
Why do all housemates...
Are you asking if the owner is a male?
Let's pretend I didn't hear it.
Did that jerk hit on you?
- This is my son's place. - Sorry?
Gosh, I can't hear anything.
This is the only place I can sleep tonight.
I'm sorry.
And you kicked me out of this place, do you know that?